Feature/improve release procedure documentation (#288)
dglaeser/gridformat: README.md

### Creating a release

To create a release, you may use the utility script `util/update_versions.py`, which creates a git tag and adjusts the versions and

> release dates specified in the cmake setup and the `CITATION.cff` file. For each minor release, we maintain a separate branch for bugfixes
> and patch releases. As an example, to create a new minor release version `1.2`, you may type type the following into the console:

Author: ```suggestion
release dates specified in the cmake setup and the `CITATION.cff` file. We maintain a branch for each minor release to incorporate bug fixes and patch releases. As an example, to create a new minor release version `1.2`, you may type type the following into the console:
```
